multi_aocx tutorial initial implementation (#1)
renlizha/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/multi_aocx/device_code_split/src/CMakeLists.txt

set(SOURCE_FILE simple.cpp)
set(TARGET_NAME device_code_split)
set(EMULATOR_TARGET ${TARGET_NAME}.fpga_emu)
set(SIMULATOR_TARGET ${TARGET_NAME}.fpga_sim)
set(FPGA_TARGET ${TARGET_NAME}.fpga)

> # FPGA board selection
> if(NOT DEFINED FPGA_DEVICE)
>     set(FPGA_DEVICE "intel_a10gx_pac:pac_a10")
>     message(STATUS "FPGA_DEVICE was not specified.\
>                     \nConfiguring the design to run on the default FPGA board ${FPGA_DEVICE} (Intel(R) PAC with Intel Arria(R) 10 GX FPGA). \
>                     \nPlease refer to the README for information on board selection.")
> else()
>     message(STATUS "Configuring the design to run on FPGA board ${FPGA_DEVICE}")
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FPGA board selection
if(NOT DEFINED FPGA_DEVICE)
    set(FPGA_DEVICE "Agilex7")
    message(STATUS "FPGA_DEVICE was not specified.\
                    \nConfiguring the design to the default FPGA family: ${FPGA_DEVICE}\
                    \nPlease refer to the README for information on target selection.")
else()
    message(STATUS "Configuring the design with the following target: ${FPGA_DEVICE}")
endif()
```

# The compile output is not an executable, but an intermediate compilation result unique to SYCL.
add_executable(${FPGA_EARLY_IMAGE} ${SOURCE_FILE})
target_include_directories(${FPGA_EARLY_IMAGE} PRIVATE ../../../../../include)
add_custom_target(report DEPENDS ${FPGA_EARLY_IMAGE})
set_target_properties(${FPGA_EARLY_IMAGE} PROPERTIES COMPILE_FLAGS "${EMULATOR_COMPILE_FLAGS}")
set_target_properties(${FPGA_EARLY_IMAGE} PROPERTIES LINK_FLAGS "${EMULATOR_LINK_FLAGS}")
# fsycl-link=early stops the compiler after RTL generation, before invoking Quartus®

###############################################################################
### FPGA Simulator
###############################################################################
# CMake executes:
#    [compile] icpx -fsycl -fintelfpga -DFPGA_SIMULATOR -o simple.cpp.o simple.cpp -fsycl-device-code-split=per_kernel
#    [link]    icpx -fsycl -fintelfpga simple.cpp.o -o simple.fpga_simu
add_executable(${SIMULATOR_TARGET} ${SOURCE_FILE})
target_include_directories(${SIMULATOR_TARGET} PRIVATE ../../../../../include)
set_target_properties(${SIMULATOR_TARGET} PROPERTIES COMPILE_FLAGS "${SIMULATOR_COMPILE_FLAGS}")

> set_target_properties(${SIMULATOR_TARGET} PROPERTIES LINK_FLAGS "${SIMULATOR_LINK_FLAGS} -reuse-exe=${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/${SIMULATOR_TARGET}")

Reviewer 2: I think the right way to show this paradigm is doing something like what the [feature regtest does](https://github.com/intel-innersource/applications.fpga.oneapi.products.acl-test/blob/main/sycl/flows/multi_aocx/reuse_exe_device_code_split/reg_test.pl):
```
icpx simple.cpp -o simple.exe
cp simp2.cpp simple1.cpp
icpx simple.cpp -reuse-exe=simple.exe -o simple.exe
```

> set_target_properties(${SIMULATOR_TARGET} PROPERTIES LINK_FLAGS "${SIMULATOR_LINK_FLAGS} -reuse-exe=${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/${EMULATOR_TARGET}")

Reviewer: Should these reuse-exe flags be moved above with the other flags to make it obvious to the users that this flag is being used?
